[doc] CDC docs changes for 2024.2.2 release (#25794)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/develop/change-data-capture/using-logical-replication/advanced-topic.md

### YugabyteDB semantics

Unlike PostgreSQL, any changes made to the publication's tables list are not applied immediately in YugabyteDB. Instead the publication's tables list is periodically refreshed, and changes, if any, are applied. The refresh interval is managed using the [cdcsdk_publication_list_refresh_interval_secs](../../../../reference/configuration/yb-tserver/#cdcsdk-publication-list-refresh-interval-secs) flag. The default is 15 minutes (900 sec). This means that any changes made to the publication's tables list will be applied after `cdcsdk_publication_list_refresh_interval_secs` in the worst case.

> Consider the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- Suppose that the value of the flag `cdcsdk_publication_list_refresh_interval_secs` is 900 sec (15 minutes) and the publication's tables list is being refreshed every 15 minutes at 8:00 am, 8:15 am, 8:30 am and so on.

- If any change is made to publication's tables list at 8:01 am, then this change will be applied at 8:15 am. However, any change made to publication's tables list at 8:14 am will also be applied at 8:15 am.

> The value of this flag can be changed at run time, but the change becomes effective only after some time. Continuing the example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change the value of this flag at run time, but the change becomes effective only after some time. For example, suppose you change the `cdcsdk_publication_list_refresh_interval_secs` flag from 900 seconds (15 minutes) to 300 seconds (5 minutes) at 8:01 am.
```

> - Suppose that the value of the flag `cdcsdk_publication_list_refresh_interval_secs` is changed from 900 sec (15 minutes) to 300 sec (5 minutes) at 8:01 am.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - This change will only be applied after 8:15 am. That is, the publication's tables list will be next refreshed at 8:15 am. Then, the next refresh will happen at 8:20 am, and the subsequent refreshes will take place every 5 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This change will only be applied after 8:15 am. That is, the publication's tables list will next be refreshed at 8:15 am. Then the next refresh will happen at 8:20 am, and subsequent refreshes will take place every 5 minutes.
```

    ./yb-ts-cli --server_address=<tserverIpAddress:tserverPort> set_flag cdcsdk_publication_list_refresh_interval_secs 120
    ```

1. After you start receiving records from the newly added table in the publication, reset the  `cdcsdk_publication_list_refresh_interval_secs` flag back to its original value (i.e 900 seconds).

    ```sh
    ./yb-ts-cli --server_address=<tserverIpAddress:tserverPort> set_flag cdcsdk_publication_list_refresh_interval_secs 900
    ```

{{< note title="Important" >}}

> If you lower the value of `cdcsdk_publication_list_refresh_interval_secs`, you should set the value of the flag back to its original value after you start receiving changes from the new table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you lower the value of `cdcsdk_publication_list_refresh_interval_secs`, you should set the value of the flag back to its original value after you start receiving changes from the new table, as every refresh incurs overhead.
```

    ./yb-ts-cli --server_address=<tserverIpAddress:tserverPort> set_flag cdcsdk_publication_list_refresh_interval_secs 120
    ```

> 1. After you start receiving records from the newly added table in the publication, reset the  `cdcsdk_publication_list_refresh_interval_secs` flag back to original value (i.e 900 seconds).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. After you start receiving records from the newly added table in the publication, reset the  `cdcsdk_publication_list_refresh_interval_secs` flag back to its original value (900 seconds).
```

    ```sh
    ./yb-ts-cli --server_address=<tserverIpAddress:tserverPort> set_flag cdcsdk_publication_list_refresh_interval_secs 900
    ```

{{< note title="Important" >}}

> In the event that a user ends up reducing the value of `cdcsdk_publication_list_refresh_interval_secs`, it is recommended to increase the value of the flag back to its original value once you start receiving changes from the new table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you lower the value of `cdcsdk_publication_list_refresh_interval_secs`, you should set the value of the flag back to its original value after you start receiving changes from the new table.
```

> In the event that a user ends up reducing the value of `cdcsdk_publication_list_refresh_interval_secs`, it is recommended to increase the value of the flag back to its original value once you start receiving changes from the new table.

Reviewer: Why?

Author: For every publication refresh we incur overhead to invalidate the relcache. Reducing the interval for publication refresh would mean we incur this overhead much more frequently.
